README.md, before:

# CV Model evaluation
Acts as an evaluation tool for variaty of models, outputting various graphs and metrics to help get a better
understanding of the behaviour of the model.

## Setting things up
Make sure you install all the required python modules to run the tool properly
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Prerequisites
The tool is designed to handle ONNX models only, meaning you must export your model to ONNX format first.<br>
When doing so, please make sure you follow the format below:
```python
INPUT_MODEL = 'yolov9-m.pt'
OUTPUT_MODEL = 'yolov9-m.onnx'

# Load model(Can vary between models)
model_base = torch.load(
    INPUT_MODEL, 
    map_location='cuda', 
    weights_only=False
)
model = model_base['model'].float()

# Specific for YOLO architecture
# Change to the input your model is expecting
dummy_input = torch.randn(1, 3, 640, 640).to('cuda')

# Export model to ONNX
torch.onnx.export(
    model, 
    dummy_input, 
    OUTPUT_MODEL, 
    input_names=['input'],
    output_names=['output']
)
```
Make sure you have **input_names**, and **output_names** equivalent to those in the example above.

Commit message:

fixed slow inference & added advanced statistics, yet to be integrated

README.md, after:

# CV Model evaluation
Acts as an evaluation tool for variaty of models, outputting various graphs and metrics to help get a better
understanding of the behaviour of the model.

## Setting things up
Make sure you install all the required python modules to run the tool properly
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Also, make sure you install **torch** and **torchvision** python modules, where CUDA versions are recommanded.<br>
To download the CUDA versions for these packages:
```bash
pip install torch torchvision torchaudio --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu121
```

## Prerequisites
The tool is designed to handle ONNX models only, meaning you must export your model to ONNX format first.<br>
When doing so, please make sure you follow the format below:
```python
INPUT_MODEL = 'yolov9-m.pt'
OUTPUT_MODEL = 'yolov9-m.onnx'

# Load model(Can vary between models)
model_base = torch.load(
    INPUT_MODEL, 
    map_location='cuda', 
    weights_only=False
)
model = model_base['model'].float()

# Create a dummpy input for ONNX to understand what input it would be expecting at inference
# Change to the input your model is expecting(this is YOLO Architecture specific)
dummy_input = torch.randn(1, 3, 640, 640).to('cuda')

# Export model to ONNX
torch.onnx.export(
    model, 
    dummy_input, 
    OUTPUT_MODEL, 
    input_names=['input'],
    output_names=['output'],
    dynamic_axes={"input": {2: "height", 3: "width"}, "output": {2: "height", 3: "width"}}  # Allow dynamic shapes
)
```
Make sure you have **input_names**, and **output_names** equivalent to those in the example above.
